Extraordinary is coming.
Something spectacular.
Something flying in my back!
I didn't become a superhero to move furniture!
I wonder if the Spice Girls had to do this.
Come on, you crybabies!
Yes, it's the Action League, and they're hosting SNCC.
Featuring the world premiere of their first ever half hour very special Action League Now special.
Plus, Superstar celebrity interviewer Barbara Walters will be with you all SNCC long,
helping you get to know the Action League behind the plastic.
Up close and uncovered.
So tune in this Saturday at 8, 7 central.
A little farther, farther!
Catch the action in SNCC only on NIC.
Disney's masterpiece, The Little Mermaid is swimming onto video.
You can dive into a magical world of fun, adventure and excitement beneath the waves with Ariel.
Oh my gosh!
Sebastian.
Yes!
Flounder.
Cool!
And Ursula the Sea Witch.
Isn't this great?
Disney's masterpiece, The Little Mermaid.
Rita G, coming to video Tuesday, March 31st.
Those guys say they're lunch meat.
Those guys say they smell chicken.
This ought to be a blast.
An expanded blast.
Hey, watch that!
We called that a hiding place.
I think that advanced nerf aiming system is really cool.
You're toast!
And you cannot run, expanded blasts.
Expanded blasts from nerfs.
Nerf or nothing.
It's new, Barbie cool-look fashion designer.
Pick the place, design clothes to match.
You got the power, you can explore new fashions, new places more than ever before.
Create clothes for flers, and then, decide for a friend.
Cool PJs, Christy.
Clothes from sports to the mall.
You're a fashion designer.
You make it all!
New Barbie cool-look fashion designer.
CD-ROM works with Windows 95 in your printer.
That's not included.
You're Alex Mack.
There's a cute guy at school.
Do you talk to him?
Throw a party?
Or nail him on the head with a soccer ball?
Over here!
Whatever you do, watch the secret world of Alex Mack.
Tonight at 8-7 Central, cause you're never done doing Nickelodeon.
Please welcome the grand prize, the first part of this show.
We're hoping that our next contestant can do the exact same.
Let's give a big hand for our next contestant, John Dobbins.
Come on out here, John!
Kelly did the first part of this show.
You're hoping you do the same, right?
Right.
Oh yeah.
Very matter-of-factly.
Okay, Billy the answer head, right over here.
This is what you need to figure out about John.
Right now it says blank his, blank, blank.
You guys know how it goes.
Three rounds.
He stumps you guys.
He's taking home that grand prize.
But let's remind everybody at home what it is that John is hiding.
So if you're playing along, shut your eyes and your ears.
Coming on your turn.
Thank you.
It's fabulous.
As Vanessa said, it's wonderful.
Wonderful.
You're going to start a new trend.
Yes.
Hey, it's like giving a little impression.
Bill, you ready?
Yes, I would.
Audience, you ready?
Yes!
Aren't you?
Sure.
Okay, Bill.
Give me your best shot.
One minute on the clock.
Ready, go.
First questions for 1969, Michael and Marlon Jackson.
Does it involve music?
Yes.
No!
Does it involve dancing?
Yes.
Do you guys, does it involve rapping?
Is it something that you do in New York?
Blank, blank and rapper.
Do you guys dance?
No.
Judges.
Vanessa, audio.
Um, do you guys, DJ?
Yes.
Vanessa, keep it going.
You go, girl.
I'm feeling the answer ahead.
But Justin and Dominique are taking home a prize.
Jay, what's the prize?
First stopping the panel through round one.
They'll each take home an original plot from the legends of the hidden temple stand.
They already told me they're going to show me some moves after the show.
Some dance moves.
All right, before we start the second round, we're going to give another audience
a chance to win a prize.
And that lucky audience member is Tim Jew.
Congratulations, Tim.
Jay, the slime action is this time.
The secret slime action is the finger point.
You know what?
You guys are so covered in things.
I don't even know if you could feel the slime when it came down.
But I still want to see you get slimed.
And I know everybody else does, don't they?
Yes!
Practically completed.
Billy, the answer had to be.
You have one important word left.
Mark, Blank, DJ and rapper.
Over here on the Clue Recap Board, use music and they don't dance.
What shaving cream feeling?
Is it hardening up?
Christmas?
That's fine.
I like it.
It's actually probably not many things.
I know that Tim's taking home a prize.
Well, it was obviously the finger point.
That was the secret slime action.
I had a finger point!
Yeah, but you thought about pointing.
I bet you guys want to see that again when we have it on replay.
Here we go with Taryn in action.
Quick movement.
You were like this with your hat.
Evil.
I'm evil?
Pure evil.
I didn't do anything.
He's a nice person.
He's cheating now.
All right, because I got slime, two Jews taking home a prize.
Jay, what's he taking home?
Academy Broadway's quality rectangular sleeping bag
and Marv and Taryn's 2% 8-ring tent with carry bags.
Product designed for the great outdoors from Academy Broadway.
Taryn is the best of his guy on Figured Out right now.
All right.
We're starting up round two.
You guys, a minute on the clock.
Vanessa, you have your thinking.
You guys can take your caps off now.
Go ahead.
Don't be shy.
Yeah.
Vanessa, yes or no questions?
Starting with you.
Ready?
Go.
Okay.
Do you guys do this on a regular basis?
No.
Taryn.
All right.
Are you guys cousins?
Yes.
I thought you were...
Okay.
I'm sorry.
Taryn.
Are you guys partners?
Yes.
Partners.
I mean...
Roll on, Taryn.
All right.
Are you guys...
Good guesses.
You guys work together.
So is one of you a DJ and one of you a rapper?
Yes.
All right.
Let's see.
Taryn the obvious.
You can always pass your turn.
Laurie Beth looks ready.
Fast.
Did I have to do it with how old you are?
Judges?
No.
No?
Okay.
Does it take place in the city?
Judges?
Yes, it does.
Okay.
Is it New York's youngest DJ and rapper?
Yes.
That was a yes, but not a word on the answer head.
There we go.
Don't stump them.
Again.
And they're taking home another crowd.
You'll each take home $300 worth of Toys R Us different dollars.
The totally awesome gift for any kid.
Because they're as good as cash at any Toys R Us or Kids R Us.
Hang on.
We're giving each other high fives.
It's definitely teamwork over here, you guys.
This one's a tough one to figure out, though.
Billy, the answer head is almost complete.
Your last round figured out.
New York blank DJ and rapper.
They're feeling pretty tough over here.
They think they can take home that grand prize.
I think so, too.
Over here on the Clue Recap Board.
They're cousins and partners.
And it's in the city.
Okay.
With the shaving cream still on.
We're on to round three.
The last round.
The pressure's on.
How are you guys feeling right now?
Fine.
Yeah, they're feeling fine.
So, we're on to you.
One minute on the clock.
Ready? Go.
Okay.
Do you do it on the street?
Judges?
Nope.
No.
Vanessa.
Is it New York professional DJ and rapper?
Yes.
Judges?
No.
Ask.
Thanks, Dominic.
Ask questions to get to this answer.
To get to the last though.
Is it, uh, okay.
You guys, get money for this.
Judges?
Yes.
Yes, they do.
Good one, Taryn.
Keep it coming.
So, you guys are professional.
Yes.
That's Vanessa.
Yes, okay.
They are.
It's not popping up.
All right.
How about if they're cousins?
You guys look like twins.
No.
Does it have to do with any sporting events?
Think about the clues you've seen, guys.
Phil, go ahead.
Okay.
Here's the straight brigade.
Watch it closely.
She's going to act it out.
Shout out clues.
You guys ready?
Be a radio.
There we go.
New York.
They'll be taking home original props from the legends of the Hidden Temple set and
Toys R Us Jeffrey Dollars.
All right, guys.
Justin and Dominic.
Do it up.
Let's hear it.
What's up?
I'm Lil' Nique with my man DJ Jeff on the weather spell.
I'm going to do four Nickelodeon.
I was going to make it real, fuck FIU.
Hey, yo, Jeff.
I'm going to do four figure head out.
I was going to make it real, fuck FIU.
Just throw your hands in.
And then get ready to water with Fuji up.
Somebody drink.
Oh, yeah.
Go, Shawty.
Go, Jeff.
You won this.
All right, guys.
That's all the time.
They are the best.
I want to say thanks to our talented.
I don't trust them.
We're over the pillars.
Oh, yeah.
I can't forget Jay.
He's always the only show on TV.
We're really cool.
I'll have to be weird.
We're in space and we're not affected by the gravity.
This is the strength of the pool increases with the mass of the object exerting the pool,
but diminishes the greater the distance from the object being pulled.
Isaac Newton born Christmas Day 1642 discovered gravity in 1666.
Oh, by the way, cool show.
Are they new?
Yeah, they are.
Oh, stay tuned for Rug Riders coming up next.
Hey, how did you know?
I didn't get a response.
I see.
Bison.
Could I?
Morning, Charles.
Good morning, Chuckie.
Hi, Dee Dee.
Thanks for watching, Chuckie.
Hey, do you think Stu would mind putting this I'm a big boy potty seed adapter on your toilet?
I'm sure Stu would be happy to put in the adapter.
In fact, he's working in the bathroom right now.
Isn't this exciting, Chuckie?
You're moving to the grown up potty.
Today's the day.
So I am a little worried about getting him away from that old clown potty.
Well, you know what Lipschitz says.
All it takes is a little praise.
We'll just be sure to tell him what a good boy he is
and how proud we are that he's using his new potty.
But right now Chuckie's little friends are waiting for him.
There you go, Chuckie.
Have fun.
Hey, how you doing, Chuckaroo?
Hi, guys.
Um, is something wrong, Chuckie?
No.
Why, you just go.
I can't go when people are looking and I really gotta go right now
but all the grown ups are watching me every time I go and I really gotta go.
Hey, Chuckie, I got an idea.
Why don't you just go on the tree?
What's your potty trade?
You can't go back to stuff like that.
Why not?
Spike does it all the time.
But you guys gotta look at this flower.
He's regressing.
Chuckie, now I know the big boy potty may seem a little scary
but you won't need to worry because I'll be watching you the whole time.
Safe, secure and ready for action.
Look, everybody.
Chuckie's all ready to use his new big boy potty.
Got it all set up for you, champ.
There you go, little fella.
We're all very excited.
Don't worry, honey.
We'll try again later.
Chuckie, did you go?
Products were looking at me the whole time
and I tried to go but I couldn't
and now I don't even gotta go no more.
I thought you said it was okay to go potty on the tree.
I'm sorry, Chuckie.
It used to be okay.
Maybe your mommy and daddy can grow it up.
Well, now I know I'm not doing that again.
Uh-oh. Your spike doesn't know.
Spike, no!
Spike, but the rules are changed
and you're not opposed to go potty on the tree no more.
Bobby, we can't just tell him not to go potty.
Everybody's gotta go sometime.
All right, Chuckie.
We gotta teach him a new way to go potty.
From now on, I'm gonna be Spike's dad.
Spike's other dad.
And we'll be Spike's uncle Bill and Aunt Harriet.
Pull my finger, son.
Okay, Spike. Let's get started.
Okay, Chuckie. Here's the diapers.
Spike will me and Chuckie put one on him.
Okay, Tommy.
Here's Spike. Come on, boy.
Good doggy.
Doggy, over here.
I know you put on a diaper.
Why not, Chuckie? What's wrong?
I should forget the baby powder.
We don't want Spike to get a rash.
Oh, yeah.
I think I got a better idea.
Spike.
Okay, guys. He's ready.
Bill, Bill, get the diaper.
Chuckie, you put on the powder.
Right. Okay.
Good doggy.
Hey!
What's Taylor's in the way?
Does he? Chuckie, help him.
My arms are getting tired.
Okay, Tommy.
There you go.
Come on, Spike.
Good doggy.
Give me your tail.
Boy, Spike.
Boy, Spike. Now, Tommy.
As good daddies, we have to always say nice stuff to him.
Oh, sorry, Chuckie. You're right.
But Daddy did.
But Chuckie, now we wait until he has to go.
And then we all tell him what a good boy he is
and how proud we are that he's using the party.
That sounds easy.
Angry.
I'm getting sleepy.
But I can't feel my toes.
Guys, we have to wait till Spike has to...
Hey, he's moving.
He's doing it! He's doing it!
Very. This is for you guys.
Spike's a big boy, doggie.
And he needs to use the big boy party.
Phil, you open the party while we get Spike up there.
Okay.
Okay, Spike, doggie.
Sit on the party.
He's not paying attention.
He just doesn't know what to do.
Spike's never used the party before.
Maybe he needs someone to show him how.
Good to be dead to go.
Everybody has to cover your eyes while I'm climbing up there.
Sure, Chuckie.
Okay, you can turn around now.
Now then.
Spike, as you can see, I'm sitting on the party.
It's very comfortable.
And it's a much more better place to go party than the tree.
Okay, so when I want to go party,
I just close my eyes and...
You ready to use your big boy party now?
Chuckie, where are you going?
Now, how did this get outside?
What in the world?
That's good, because I really, really have to go now.
I want to not.
Move over, Spike.
You know, guys, that kind of looks like fun.
Okay, this whole thing kind of freaks me out.
You see, I have this new friend.
Don't worry.
Alan, you scared me.
That was not my intention.
What is this for?
Everything is new to him.
You see, Alan is an alien.
From another planet.
Really? I didn't believe it myself at first, but now.
And this?
Ah, a primitive solar rotation meter.
He was stranded here, and now he's all alone.
He's not alone. He's got you and me.
Josh doesn't understand.
A life on earth isn't easy for Alan.
This book has nine typographical errors.
Except when it comes to doing homework.
Don't miss the journey of Alan Strange tonight at 9.30, 8.30 Central.
On Snake.
Hey, Mom.
Where's the corn pops?
Corn pops anymore?
No, pops.
But we got beets. Beets and liver.
Every day for the rest of your life.
You're going to miss that sweet popcorn, aren't you?
Aren't you?
Oh, there is one last box.
Old Sparky's got it.
So do you want it?
Oh, do you?
Oh, working hard?
Yeah, better eat.
Kellogg's corn pop cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
Gotta have my pops.
Oh, where only the brave go?
I'm going to buy Lego hydronauts.
Using their new technology,
the hydronauts will protect the aqua zone.
But in the shadows, a new enemy is growing.
Stingrays.
With crystal power,
stingrays will destroy the hydronauts.
And the aqua zone will be mine.
Not if I can help it.
The new Lego aqua zone collection.
Each set is sold separately.
Five, four, three, two, one.
It's time for an exclusive
for the kids who play The Voices on.
I'm Philip Van Vandijk and I play Arnold.
So, you going to the party?
Everybody likes him because he's just a nice guy.
I'll take care of things, okay?
I'm Francesca Smith and I play Helga Dilley,
who died and made her president of the universe.
Helga's not normal.
She's always either yelling or she's really emotional.
My name is Jamil Smith and I play Gerald.
I am the definition of cool.
Best clothes.
Hi, here.
God has it all.
That's wet.
I'm Justin Shankaro and I play Harold.
I see we all go over and crash on his party
and eat all our food.
A little dumb, a little dull, but he's got a good heart.
I'm just scared and cold and sort of not care.
Catch all the characters when you watch
Hey Arnold, only on the first kid's network.
Never!
It's great of you to help me pick out the wallpaper
for my dead Charlotte.
Happy to help.
What about this?
Picasso's Cupid's Portrait.
Oh, I think that one might scare Chucky.
Mommy, how do you make green?
Blue and yellow, honey.
Thank you, Mommy.
Angelica's painting.
My personal shaman said it was absolutely
the best way to nurture her creative side.
This is it.
Warhol's Opio Guy.
No, no, no, no, no.
That would really scare Chucky.
Well, every great artist needs aspiration.
And mine is cookies.
Let's go, Cynthia.
Pink!
They're of a sandwich.
That's not a sandwich, Lilian.
It's wrapped hard taking a nap.
I'm not sure, but I think it's a monster.
I'd never a blankie from an even bigger monster.
What do you think, Tommy?
I think it's not finished yet.
Yeah.
I think it needs more, more that.
I think it needs the same.
Enjoy the fun.
Yeah, and scratchy.
You red-handed.
You're in big trouble now.
No, no, no.
Cynthia, look at this mess.
Oh, Angelica.
C'est très magnifique.
I...
What?
The total abandonment of form, the disregard of balance.
It's so Jackson Pollock.
Do you have a name for it?
Uh, name?
Uh, oh, sure.
I have a name for it.
It's called Lucky Girl.
Forget about the wallpaper.
I have the most fabulous solution.
The thing my Angel's going to need to be brilliant.
I don't think this is a very good idea.
Oh, relax, Chaz.
She's au courant.
She's in the vanguard.
She's on the edge.
Come along.
Bye-bye, honey.
Bye-bye, Dad.
Now, I have some ideas for the living room.
I think you're gonna want it.
What is this?
Why didn't you do it like your room?
That was so good.
This is so...not.
Oh, well, I'm just getting started.
It'll be great.
Okay, sweetheart.
Make Mommy proud.
Maybe it's when you need them.
Stint, it's a helper.
You get to help me paint your daddy's den
as pretty as my room.
You mean you're not mad about the best we made in your room?
Mad?
No.
Don't be silly, Chucky.
I wasn't mad.
I was excited.
Okay.
I guess if you're not mad,
then I could be your assistant.
You're gonna be assisting the best, Chucky.
I'm all coolant.
I'm in the van pool.
I'm on the hedge.
But never mind.
Just take some paint and play.
Don't worry.
Mr. Finster wasn't angry.
He just doesn't understand fine art.
Art there this Saturday.
Now, there are some people who understand fine art.
It means so much to Angelica
to have her family here for her first big art show.
She kept saying over and over how Tommy
and the other babies are her inspiration.
It was so cute.
I wouldn't have missed it for the world.
I just love how kids enjoy art for art's sake.
It's the most beautiful surprise in the world, Cynthia,
and I'm gonna win it
just as soon as I can find those.
Oh, there you are, sweetie.
You'll be over here.
Hello.
You must be Angelica Pickles.
We're very excited to have you in the fair.
We even put up this special curtain
so you can work privately as requested.
Thank you, Mrs. Judge Lady.
Okay, Angelica.
We're gonna leave you alone.
Do your thing, sweetie.
Now to get to those babies.
Only a dumb mask.
Set up a little area for us to play paint, Sam.
What do you say?
No, Angelica.
Every time we try to play paint with you,
you end up chasing us all around.
But I...
No.
I'll give you a repertoire.
No way, no.
Phil.
Be some way to get those babies into...
Hi, Angelica.
Babies would be sad if they couldn't watch me do my art.
So if you want to, Aunt Dee Dee,
you can bring them over, Aunt Dee Dee.
That's a wonderful idea, sweetheart.
Dingo.
Crutches.
You don't scare us.
But we're not gonna play paint with you no more.
I guess you babies win.
I'll go now.
Goodbye.
We won?
Yeah.
Chucky, this time I think we did.
Very nice.
That's right, Jonathan.
Find her the biggest agent in the art world.
I want her on tour.
London, Paris, Rome.
Angelica.
Say if she wants to play paint,
let's play paint.
Very nice.
Gotta go.
Honey, the judges are here.
Oh, men's art.
I love it.
Contest is Angelica Pickles and her little friends.
What do you call it, Angelica?
Still lucky.
Don't say.
More from the Spice Girls in space.
And the Spice Girls on all that is coming up.
As Nick continues.
On Nickelodeon.
Edge.
What?
All right.
So she'll know you.
So she won't go out with you.
You know, you only have yourself to blame.
I mean, you wait until the day before the dance,
you're gonna get burned.
Hey, it's not the end of the world.
You got great hair, you dress well,
and you're the kind of guy who will go through life
with a cereal that proudly says,
there's no bad time for something chocolatey.
With Kellogg's Coco Crispy Cereal
part of this complete breakfast.
Hi, Coco.
See, your life's improving.
Hey, Barbie.
Dimes into a lagoon.
With sunken treasure.
A pearl ring.
For me.
That's under a spell.
When Pearl Beach Barbie finds it,
it turns its true color.
Pearl Beach Barbie doll comes with pearly ring
that changes colors in warm and cold water.
Friend also separately.
Now, some to make your pastas taste just right.
A little bit of sauce.
A little bit of cheese.
Little bit of sauce.
Little bit of cheese.
You like more cheese?
I like more cheese, too.
You Chef Junior Pastas.
They're hot and yummy.
And made by Chef Junior just for you.
Boy, oh boy.
Attention all Nicktoon fans.
Nickelodeon's bringing you two and a half hours
of Nicktoons every Saturday morning.
And that's not all.
Nickelodeon's also bringing you two and a half hours
of Nicktoons every Sunday morning.
What, they're dating?
Two weekends.
Stop.
Every Saturday and Sunday morning,
you'll get blood rats.
The angry neighbors.
Hey Arnold.
Ah, real monsters.
And Rocco's modern life.
Now it all makes sense.
Watch double Nicktoon week
on Saturday and Sunday morning.
Starting at 10, 9 central.
Only on Nick.
Ha, ha.
Sorry, I'm a little late there.
That's okay.
Don't worry about it.
We're going to be here on Nickelodeon.
All snick long.
Hanging out here in the solar system.
Checking out the planets
and kicking out your favorite snick shows.
Hey, you got lots of rings on it.
Mad or what, eh?
Yeah, the freaky freaky freaky freaky freaky.
Two wickets.
Beach ring is about 10 miles thick
and composed of chunks of ice and rocks.
Yeah, and Saturn is 74,500 miles in diameter.
It has between 21 and 23 moons.
And check this out.
It orbits around the sun every 29.5 years.
So basically, in the time we've all been alive,
Saturn hasn't completely revolved around the sun yet.
Stay tuned, you lot,
because next we've got coming up is all that.
But it's not just any of that.
Come on in!
Hang on a second, you lot.
How can we be on all that
if we're here in outer space?
Look, don't worry,
because I took care of it.
All right.
See you then.
What do you mean?
A magic book?
So what does a magical book do?
Loat in the air,
pull rabbits out of itself?
It's not magic.
Igmo.
It's a book about magic.
Oh.
Hey, why don't you show us a trick?
Yeah, cool.
Hey, well, from a dollar bill.
Does anybody have a hundred dollar bill?
Let me see if I have a hundred dollar bill.
Woo, wow, a hundred dollar bill.
Hey, there you go.
Show me some magic.
Well, you all see this ordinary,
everyday hundred dollar bill, right?
Well, I'm going to tear it up
into little pieces.
And I'm going to put the bill bits
into this half a hundred dollar bill.
Now, voila!
Oh, now, Houdini,
I gave you a hundred dollar bill
and you turned it into an outer choke.
But I don't like outer chokes.
I hate outer chokes.
Oh, dip it in butter.
Oh, all right.
Do another trick.
Hurry.
Okay.
Now, for my next magic trick,
I need a volunteer.
Does anybody have a volunteer?
Chloe Beth Foster here.
Oh, is it her?
Baldi?
Oh, dear.
Hey, Maddie, do one more trick
before we start the show.
Trick?
You mean like magic trick?
Ooh, show me.
Okay.
Then, Kevin, this magic trick
is for you.
Sit down.
Can you turn him back?
Yeah, this is right.
Well, let's go do the show.
Come on, guys.
Okay, let's go, guys.
Wait.
I'm Harry.
And I like it.
Stop the box.
Stop.
Look and watch.
Ready yet?
Get set.
It's all that.
Well, now this is just an introduction
before we're below your mind.
The show is all about
and yet we do it all the time.
So, sit your booty on the floor
in a chair,
ground the wings,
and swear to everything we do.
It's all of that.
When entertaining you.
My body and my crew.
It's all of that.
So sit still, but we're coming back.
Onion rings.
And we're circular.
Oh, yeah?
We're french fries
and we stand a rat.
Oh, what, dude?
Let's fight.
Well, it's the great french fry
onion ring war.
I'm hungry.
Oh, okay.
Welcome to Good Burger,
home of the Good Burger.
Can I take your order?
Can you give me an order
of some good french fries
at Harry's?
Oh, okay.
Tell me to do what?
Go fry it at me.
Oh, okay.
The good trip for her.
Hey, Ed,
give us a hand with these.
Oh, okay.
Welcome to Good Burger,
home of the Good Burger.
Can I take your order?
No, we're selling these shrimp.
Don't you remember?
Look, read the sign.
Monkey shampoo.
No, it says good shrimp.
Oh, good shrimp?
Yeah.
Spats, let's get these
babies cooking here.
Okay.
Okay, Ed.
Now I gotta go put on
the shrimp costume.
When do we get the
shampoo of the monkey?
There are no monkeys, Ed.
Look, Mr. Bailey asked me
to wear the shrimp costume
and go stand outside
to help sell the good shrimp.
Look at my pants.
Oh, man, I just put
in a terrible car accident.
Have the Good Burger
home of the Good Burger.
Can I take your order?
People understand.
Oh, cool.
People tell me that
all the time.
Hey, hey, Junior High,
I was voted at least
likely to understand.
Listen.
Okay.
Shh.
Look, I am trying to tell you.
Dude, how can I listen
if you're talking?
I have just been in
a terrible car accident.
You have a telephone.
We have a telephone,
but we only use it
in case of an emergency.
This is an emergency.
You should call an ambulance.
Okay.
Call an ambulance on the phone.
I need a,
I need a hospital.
Hey, check me out.
Hey, look,
how do I look, bud?
The shrimp looked up.
And now,
Lori Beth Demberg
with more vital information
for your everyday life.
I'm growing out of my head.
I'd be arm-head with boiling water
and then shout,
Hey!
This has been
Lori Beth Demberg
with vital information.
Okay, here's the scoop.
I'm Josh.
And this is
my big sister, Robbie.
Hi.
We live with our dad
over there.
At least he used to
before a spaceship left
without him.
Long story.
Anyway,
now he lives with us
over there.
But he wants to go back
up there.
Right here.
Alan does that a lot.
Don't miss the journey
of Alan Strange tonight.
On Snick.
This is
This is the mouse.
It's just a mouse.
These are the critics.
Here's what they're saying.
Mouse hunt is wickedly funny.
They're like a comedic masterpiece.
Thank you.
Mouse hunt, rated PG.
Now play.
The breakfast fruit
on complete breakfast.
To the crew,
no breakfast is complete
without real fruit stuff.
Kill all spots us.
Eight ounces of milk,
fruit,
and Suki Jolly,
the singing cowboy.
Yee-haw!
You can lie and
I get a poor honey.
I get a poor babe.
You can lie and
I get a poor
we'll pull down
the farm that old
honey baby mine.
Yee-haw!
That's complete.
Pop charts rule.
Instagalactic.
Agent Jimmy Bond
in the house.
Oh, wonderful!
W, it's a pleasure.
W,
W stop.
I'm sorry,
it must have malfunctioned.
It's okay, W.
Never mind.
What seems to be the emergency?
Well,
I'm afraid something terrible
and horrendous has happened.
An evil villain
is planning to blow up the world.
Who will blow up the world?
Not hot-tail.
I'm afraid so.
Who is hot-tail again?
No,
come check out my
big, huge monitor.
Yes, it is.
And you must stop her.
But how?
She looks,
she looks so mean.
I, I...
Well,
yes she is.
And she's very mischievous.
But I have a secret weapon
that can help you
stop hot-tail.
That's just a telephone.
Oh.
It looks like a telephone.
But actually,
it is a powerful
and manly weapon.
Really, W.
How does it work?
Well,
I'll show you.
Really?
I hit you good, didn't I?
Yes, you did.
But I've worked up
a bit of a hunger
and all that.
I, I saw that sandwich.
You mind if I go have
a bite of it?
Oh, go.
Do your thing.
Nourish.
Nobody.
Oh, sorry.
Um,
bar sandwich.
That was an explosive sandwich.
That's why I went to all
brrrrr
to stop hot-tail.
Now run.
Your toe
to blow up
absolutely nothing.
I'll go see
if I can find it.
Yeah, do that.
Gretchen.
Gretchen,
we're going to need you on stage.
I don't look anything.
You tell me.
I don't know.
She's not my Talia.
Not.
Gretchen.
Yeah, let,
let's go watch the sketch, guys.
Okay.
I'm cute.
Sorta.
Get ready
for some spice in your life
with the Spice Girls
and all that coming up next.
Thank you.
Nick is kids.
Kevin Arnold is a kid.
Kevin Arnold's on Wonder Years.
The Wonder Years is on Nickelodeon.
What?
Why?
Because Nick is kids.
Oh, oh, of course.
Watch the Wonder Years
on Nickelodeon
every weekend at five
for Central.
Of course.
I would miss it for the world.
I'm going.
Now that's the stop.
My first trail ride
was going nowhere.
Where's this steering wheel?
Pretend it's a bike with air
and hang on.
I'm taking out the editics
breakfast with lots of
Captain Crunch cereal.
Captain Crunch.
Mmm.
Gah.
That sweet delicious crunch
that ripped snorting part
of a balanced breakfast
gave our bunch
the giddy-up we needed.
Come on.
Get it?
Got it.
Good ridin'.
Have a seat.
Thanks.
Already got one.
You and the Captain
make it happen.
Nick has the cast of all that.
Who's that?
Leon Fryerson,
our newest cast member.
Cute as a butt.
Who's that?
Miss Christy Noe
and Clutier the Cast
Colin oozing out of her ears.
Who's that?
I have no idea.
That's, um...
Oh.
Sorry.
I don't know that guy.
Leon.
Christy.
Whoever this guy is.
Very funny.
New cast members on all that.
Tomorrow at 7.30,
6.30 central
on the only network
for this guy,
Nickelodeon.
It's time
for another exclusive
behind the scenes
with a cast
of the secret world
of Alex Mack.
Your grandmother's.
Oh, okay.
For the first two days,
the third day
I hid in the bedroom
and watched cable.
Quiet for rehearsal.
I'm the director now.
Hugging?
Hug.
Your cue for your look is,
it was all right, I guess.
It was all right, I guess.
Alex, open your eyes.
Action.
And by the same token,
Juliet,
you have to be there
for your Romeo.
Gotcha.
Oh, Romeo,
I once felt a passion for you.
Also, no, no.
I'll say the lines from sitting
and then...
Easy, Romeo.
You know, the more I think about it,
my first attraction to you
is kind of superficial.
In fact,
I sort of fear you are a loser.
Look for more
Alex Mack exclusive
only on Nickelodeon.
Hi, where is Mike's girls?
I'm where I see Nick.
Show and teller is.
Hey, what's up, y'all?
What's up, y'all?
Yeah, you see,
thanks, Miss Winkley.
For my show and tell project,
I'll bro girls.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Baby Spice.
Scary Spice.
Ginger Spice.
Sporty Spice.
All right.
This is for us.
Good for you.
What is the second law
of thermodynamics?
That's a really good question.
And, uh,
Joey's got to answer it.
Well,
the second law of thermodynamics
states that energy
cannot be created
or destroyed
just like the Spice Girls.
And it mainly changes shapes,
forms and manifestations
just like the Spice Girls.
Oh, thank you.
Good for it.
What's your favorite spice?
Cinnamon.
Garlic.
Paprika.
Yeah?
Do you have to be a girl
to be in a Spice Girls?
You do,
but you can be a Spice Boy.
Yes.
All right.
Good for you.
Can you Spice Girls
perform a song for us
on the All That Stage?
Love it.
Got Canaan and Kelk going up next.
And more with the Spice Girls
in Space.
That's Nick Continues.
Nickelodeon.
Heated gas.
All right.
Who are you calling?
Sensors.
You know, the temperature
at the core of the sun,
which is the largest star,
is 20 million degrees centigrade.
Woo!
Is that really?
That's almost as hot as bread.
I think he's a little hotter.
Look simply together.
He he.
All right.
Thank you for that wonderful album first.
Welcome to the Keenan and Kel show.
I'm Kenan.
And I'm Kel.
Kel, what's wrong, man?
I hurt my ribs.
How'd you hurt your ribs?
Bowling.
How can you hurt your ribs bowling?
I forgot to let go of the ball.
Well, well, I don't think
I'm going to be able to do the show.
Aww.
But Kel, you got to do the show, man.
I can't do it all by myself.
Look, you don't have to.
I got an actor.
What?
Uh, no, you're not, man.
You don't look anything like Kel.
This guy can't play your part.
Come on, man.
Murray's a great actor.
And he's funny, too.
Come on.
Oh, quite funny.
Indeed.
Yes, I am.
Hey, ask who loves orange soda.
I don't feel like asking him what's wrong with it.
Who loves orange soda?
Murray loves orange soda.
Is it true?
Yes.
I do, I do, I do, I do.
Oh, sorry.
Thanks anyway, though.
All right, here I go.
Hey, let's do the show.
Wait a minute, kid.
How am I going to do the show with her ribs?
Oh, don't worry.
We'll get your ribs fixed during the show.
This way, nutmeg.
All right.
We'll do the show.
Come on, Kel.
Is he okay?
Where is he?
The Dodgers are just finishing up Kel's x-rays.
He'll be right in.
Oh, okay.
Broke my ribs.
Oh!
Broke them ribs?
Probably just bruised.
Bruised?
Yeah, just sit up here.
The doctor will be with you in just a moment.
And, uh, you're going to need to fill this cup.
I don't think she meant to fill the cup up with orange soda, bro.
Oh, she...
Hello, Kel.
Who is this?
I'm Kenan.
I'm his best friend.
Oh, I'm Dr. Goitre.
Oh, all right.
So, how is he?
Well, let's take a look at Kel's x-rays.
Shall we?
Your ribs are just bruised, but...
But...
But Kel's insides appear to be bright orange.
Well, see, Kel loves orange soda.
Is this true?
Mm-hmm.
I do, I do, I do, I do.
To turn your insides bright orange,
you'd have to drink four or five gallons
of orange soda every day.
Yeah, Docs, what's your point?
You ever want to be okay?
Oh, of course.
I just need to check a few things.
Now, Kel, stand up for me, please.
Oh, and, see, Doc, I don't know.
I'm in a lot of pain.
I can barely move.
Yeah, you have.
You don't need help.
You, Kel, yeah.
I have Kel's shot ready.
And now you're into the dope.
Easy, my butt hurts, Doc.
You all right?
Ribs.
I better lay down.
All right.
Take it easy now.
Oh, careful with your stuff.
You need anything?
You know, maybe just a little orange soda.
Hang on a second.
Hey, man, help me with this box.
Oh, heavy.
He broke my jar.
Don't yell at him.
His ribs are all bruised.
Here's your orange soda.
Oh, thanks.
Bruised ribs?
Ew.
Well, maybe you should take him to a doctor
to get x-rayed.
I've already done it.
Yeah.
You should have seen his x-rays.
His insides are bright orange.
They weren't that orange.
Oh, man.
Your insides are more orange than a Nickelodeon logo.
So, maybe you should quit drinking orange soda.
Maybe I can quit drinking orange soda
if you like depending on it.
I could quit drinking orange soda anytime I want.
You couldn't go one day without drinking orange soda.
I can go a whole week without drinking orange soda.
False.
Want a bet?
You got a bet.
The bet is you got to go an entire week
without drinking orange soda.
If you lose, then I'll win.
Then you got to stand on this head counter
in the middle of the day time singing the national anthem
wearing nothing but a bow and you have to do it.
You're on.
Hey, you're on.
All right.
Let's drink to it.
Ain't no shame in my guy.
To the bet.
Hey.
That's soda.
Ew.
Yep.
I only cook four sticks.
Not five sticks.
Four sticks.
To the bet.
Well, drinking orange soda.
I'm a man drinking orange soda.
What a man.
Cheese cow by drinking orange soda in front of him.
Thank you, Mrs. Rockmore.
Yeah.
In fact, just so cow won't be tiffaging,
why don't we pour this home bottle of sweet bubbly orange
goodness right down the drain.
I'm going to win the bet.
Just take a little sip of orange soda
and get it over with.
No.
I can keep my eye on you.
What?
You don't trust me?
Let me think.
Nope.
You can sleep in my room, orange boy.
Okay.
Well, I'll stay right here so you can watch me
not drink orange soda.
Oh, yeah.
We'll see.
Yeah.
Well, I can't wait to see you singing songs
in a lady's nightie when you lose the bet.
Ain't gonna happen in the middle.
We'll see in the lady's nightie.
Hey, girl, what you doing?
Getting ready for bed.
Oh, well, in case you get thirsty
during the middle of the night,
you're gonna have something like this.
Ah!
Back in a few minutes.
Who loves orange soda?
K.O. doesn't love orange soda.
Is it true?
Mm-hmm.
Like, don't, like, don't, like, don't.
Stupid orange soda.
Who, who do you?
Acting all orange and, and, and carbonated.
I, I, I hate you.
I hate you.
Cousy is ready, sir.
Yes, sir.
No.
Here's your soda, sir.
Wonderful.
Are you thirsty, sir?
Mr. Kel, I'd like some orange soda.
Very good, sir.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Give you some help.
Orange monster!
What?
Just a dream.
All right, yeah.
Told you I could go a whole day
without drinking orange soda.
That's just one day.
Yeah, that's right.
One day down.
You got six more.
Hey, you're loose.
I think not.
Okay, this whole thing kind of freaks me out.
It scared me.
That was not my intention.
What is this for?
Everything is new to him.
You see, Alan is an alien.
From another planet.
Really?
I didn't believe it myself at first, but now.
And this?
A primitive solar rotation meter.
Stranded here.
And now he's all alone.
He's not alone.
He's got you and me.
Josh doesn't understand.
A life on earth isn't easy for Alan.
This book has nine typographical errors.
Except when it comes to doing homework.
Don't miss the journey of Alan Strange
tonight at 9.30, 8.30 Central.
On Snick.
This is...
This is the mouse.
It's just a mouse.
These are the critics.
Here's what they're saying.
Mouse hunt is wickedly funny.
A comedic masterpiece.
Thank you.
Mouse hunt, rated PG.
Now playing.
A visitor for Planet Lush.
I bring you new Planet Lush snack packs.
Grab a bag and you can collect Planet Lush points
to get cool stuff.
See catalog for details.
Let's buy it.
Cocoa Pebbles Bedrock's Chocolatey Best.
Saved me.
But only Bedrock's Chocolatey Best
will give me the spring to save you.
Next time.
Next time?
Yeah.
Cocoa Pebbles' powerful chocolatey taste.
He's my keynote.
Cocoa Pebbles' sharing a lot of the good breakfast.
Two heads aren't better than one.
That's why Nickelodeon's giving four grand prize winners
a trip to LA to the only award show
where you get to vote.
The Kids' Choice Awards.
Oh, and you're not just going.
The four grand prize winners get to present
a blimp live on stage.
What's more, 10 first prize winners
get an official Kids' Choice viewing party at their home.
And 1,000 second prize winners
get a Nickelodeon Kids' Choice hat
and $5 in McDonald's gift certificates.
Let's roll!
Do I rescind it a postcard to Nickelodeon's
Kids' Choice Sweepstakes, P.O. Box 4940
or Lando, Florida, 3-2-8-0-2.
Or pick up an entry black at a participating McDonald's.
And while you're there, vote!
Because Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice
is all about your favorites,
and you can vote for them at McDonald's.
Just think you might be presenting them a blimp this year.
Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Sweepstakes
is brought to you by McDonald's McWorld Gap Kids
and the place where only
Nickelodeon
and now it's time for another Nick's exclusive.
Hi, this is RJ Smith from the Journey of Alan Strange.
Let's see how they do some of those strange special effects.
What we're doing here today is scanning RJ's head.
What we've done is painting his hair white
so that this laser beam will be able to pick up
the whole top of his head.
Now it allows to do any kind of 3D effect
transformation from Alan to his alien form or back.
Tasty.
Grand Polly, he's this strange alien character
that comes down and pretty much tries to consume
and eat everything in sight.
The body is sculpted out of foam rubber,
the kind that you get from pillows and couches in your own home.
We add these rubber skins
and we paint these colors all over the rubber skins.
We cover them with slime
and it helps them make it look realistic and slimy
and kind of cute.
Watch for me in lots of special effects
on the Journey of Alan Strange
every Saturday on Snake.
Why don't you call off the bed? It's been three days.
So? This is good for him.
Good. Look at him.
Give him an orange soda.
He can have an orange soda if he wants to lose the bed
and see the national anthem in the ladies nightie.
What are you doing?
Fuck it on an orange.
Cal, listen.
If you want to get over your craving for orange soda,
I know how you can do it.
How?
Go see a hypnotist.
A hypnotist?
Well, if it wasn't for my hypnotist,
I would never have gotten over my fear of sandwiches.
You're afraid of sandwiches?
Not anymore, thanks to Dr. Vermin.
Here. You should go see him.
Well, then I'm going with you.
Hey, Ken, you have work to do here.
No, that is going to help you, gentlemen.
Yes, we're here to see Dr. Vermin. He's a hypnotist.
Right. Here, fill this out
and then on the back, write down the problem
that you're having and how you'd like the hypnotist to help you.
Okay. All right?
Well, he's a real cute dog.
Oh, thank you. His name is Dustin.
He's here to see the hypnotist.
Wait a minute. Dr. Vermin hypnotizes pets, too?
Oh, yes.
Dr. Vermin hypnotizes people, cats,
dogs, lizards, salmon.
You name it.
Well, we're called dogs.
Dustin is supposed to be an attack dog,
but he just lies around like that all day.
I'm hoping Dr. Vermin can hypnotize him
into being more aggressive and ferocious.
Mrs. Felsenthal, have you finished Dustin's forms yet?
Oh, yes. Here you are.
Yeah, I'm finished, too.
Okay. Thank you.
Now, both of you follow me.
Kell, you're going to be in room A
and Mrs. Felsenthal, you can take Dustin into room B.
And then the hypnotist will be with you shortly.
Okay.
Good luck, Kell. Dustin.
All right. Make yourself at home.
Dustin, I realize you may feel a bit uneasy
seeing a hypnotist.
Yeah, but...
Well, I see you have an interesting little problem.
Yeah, I have a problem.
Well, not to worry, we'll have you acting
more aggressive in no time.
Aggressive? Wait, wait.
I'm just here because I love more stuff.
Now, sit back, Dustin, and watch my whirling thing.
Your whirling thing? I don't...
Now, when I count to three, you will go into a trance.
Okay.
One, two, three.
Now, Dustin, you will no longer be afraid
to be aggressive.
In fact, whenever you hear a bell,
there is a ferocious, ferocious beast.
Ferocious...
ferocious...
beast.
That's right, Dustin. Excellent.
Whenever you hear a bell,
ferocious...
beast.
How did it go? Did Dr. Herman hypnotize you?
Yeah. Did it work?
You know, I don't know.
Yes, Ms. Quagmire.
I would like nine jars of mayonnaise.
I guess we do. In the back, Keenan, give me a hand, will you?
Okay.
I need change for a dollar. Will you get it for me, please?
Oh, yeah, I'll just get it out the way.
Oh, we close at eight o'clock.
All right, please.
Hey, Ms. Quagmire, here's your mayonnaise.
I don't know.
Oh, well, Keenan, help me put these jars back.
All right.
Hello. Do you work here?
No, what's your name?
Well, I'm the band instructor
at Brimfield Elementary School, and our bus broke down.
I was wondering if I could use your phone.
Oh, yeah, right over there, did you?
Thank you.
So, you in the band?
No, I just use this to make toast.
No, not this office.
This one. That means you pray not,
or we just let Chris decide who's not.
Okay, whatever Chris decides goes.
All right, Chris.
But he actually...
Ladies and gentlemen, Keenan and Kel...
Turn into a dog.
Oh, right.
Chris, what's that?
Will you quit?
Okay, you know, I got a better idea for some more fun anyway.
Wonder grab an electric toothbrush
and a turtle and meet me in St. Louis.
Put it down, buddy.
Here it goes.
Don't go away.
Don't say.
There's more from the Spice Girls in space coming up.
And so is the journey of Alan Strange.
Stay tuned to Snick.
Keenan and Kel was recorded in front of a live audience
at Nickelodeon Studios in Orlando
at Universal Studios, Florida.
Greetings, earthlings.
So nice to meet you.
Spice Girls in space.
Hello, I wasn't done with my sentence yet.
Sorry.
It's so nice to be here on Nickelodeon.
We're the...
Look, he's gone now.
The Spice Girls in space.
Yep, and we're hosting Snick.
Oh, it's just you looking the way that your hair is.
Face is great for frizzies, isn't it?
Talking about frizzies.
I'm really hungry.
What?
What do frizzies and hunger have got anything to do with one another?
Well, nothing really.
But I'm still really, really hungry.
Well, I don't know if she knew, but...
Oh, she goes again.
Good, good, good.
The moon is made out of swiss cheese.
Let's eat the moon.
The moon tastes good.
Sporting.
While she's chewing down the moon,
you guys can enjoy an interlactic episode
of the journey of Alan Strange.
Ooh!
Spacey.
Oh, by the way, the moon's not really made out of cheese.
It's sort of like swiss cheese,
because it's a tower and it's made up of the huge
impact craters that are covered
with regular mixture of dust and rock.
Is orientation finished yet?
It's just that I'm so excited.
I mean, I haven't seen her since she moved.
Robbie?
Erica? Our chick on me.
I'm sorry, but did you forget the word color?
I'm just gonna wait. Come on.
There's this meteor shower tomorrow night.
Alan will not shut up about it.
Is that the guy you emailed me about?
I can't wait to meet him.
You will.
And here's your locker.
Wow.
I want you to meet some of my girlfriends.
You remember Latanya?
I think you two are totally gonna love each other.
A whole bunch of girls, huh?
Staying up late at night.
Sounds suspiciously like a...
You are not serious.
It's just one night, Josh.
But I'm barely over last year's party.
You healed up fine.
I'm psychologically scarred.
Bank shot. You gambled?
You lost, Dad. You know our deal.
All right, fair enough. You win.
How about let's compromise?
I won't leave the country for your party,
but I'll stay clear of the living room.
That and writing.
I'm amazed at how fast you do the math, Robbie.
I barely worked out the angles
in the wrist.
We have work to do.
Will they launch projectiles at us?
Anything's possible with those girls.
Their number one priority
year in, year out
is to get Josh.
We have to prepare our defenses.
But Robbie wouldn't let anyone get you.
She's your sister.
Other sister Bond means nothing
at a slumber party.
Robbie and I are officially at war.
Turn on the radio,
and maybe our only contact with the outside world.
Strange culture.
Model looks awesome, Dad.
The park commission is going to love it.
Better. Had a month to build it.
Just squeaking it in
before Monday's deadline.
It's really cool.
Later.
Careful. Sorry, Dad.
No.
Anyone asks? I'm in Tunisia.
Erika?
Fattania?
Great. You, too.
I saw that sticker on your car.
I did the wildlife ride, too.
Really? How'd you finish?
25th. But I had a knee injury.
You? 29th.
But I had the flu.
And a knee injury.
Did I mention I had a massive headache, too?
Oh, yeah.
Hey, what's up, Robbie? Hey, you guys.
Great.
Robbie, Leonardo DiCaprio
was seriously dating some other girl.
Anyway, do you go?
No. Can't be wrong.
Right?
And I quote, I'd give up surfing for that boy.
They all brought weapons.
It doesn't seem clear for all the girls
to gain up on one person like that.
Yeah. Tell me about it.
Enough of it. On to our main event.
Probably gonna lock himself in the attic
as a pathetic attempt to stop us from getting to him.
That cute.
Oh, there's a couple of rules, though.
Our friend Alan is upstairs tracking the meteor shower.
So...
Bonus victim!
No, we gotta leave him alone. He's cool.
Oh, and dad's model
is totally off limits.
Don't go near it. Don't touch it.
Don't even breathe on it.
Okay. Let the games begin.
Any ideas?
Wait. Oh, I have one.
It's quiet down there.
Quiet.
You know, we are
seriously outnumbered here, Alan.
The energy is manfrid.
And tonight, with the new moon effect,
don't forget to turn your attention
to the north skies around 10 p.m.
The Orion meteor shower promises
to be the most spectacular in years.
I've never seen meteors from this
out of the universe.
Josh, aren't you excited?
You know, I wish I had time
to be excited, but I've got more
important things to worry about.
Like survival.
Here's our bait. Here's our trap.
Josh will smell the popcorn,
come through these doors, and...
Flat oatmeal shampoo.
Don't you think we should rig the other entrance too,
just in case?
He wouldn't come in that way, trust me.
But if he does, he won't get splattered.
Or do you have to be a complete go-head
to go all the way outside
just to come in through the family room doors?
Come on, you guys. Let's go.
Come on, you guys. Are you coming?
Lock the door behind you.
These meteors look familiar.
So? They hit Earth all the time.
They just burn up where our atmosphere
and make a light show.
Except I passed this exact stream
on my way to this planet.
It was going a different direction.
It should be a million miles from here.
Something's interrupted its orbit.
Is that good?
Or bad?
If too many of us go upstairs,
it'll just scare him.
Staying there, living here.
Try and look innocent.
Hey, where's Erica?
Better go get her.
That's right, the trap.
Better go around the other way.
What are you doing?
I'll explain in a minute.
Apologize for last year.
We made some popcorn to make up for it.
You want to come downstairs?
I think you should let her in.
Oh, no.
This is part of their plan, too.
I can't believe this.
I'm serious.
This is a set-up.
What's wrong?
What I was afraid of.
There's a world planet from 51 Pegasus solar system.
It's hidden way behind the meteor stream.
It's speeding straight for us.
Alan, what are you saying?
One solar system over.
Two giant planets got too close.
The gravity of one pulled the other one out of its orbit.
And flung it into space.
Kind of like a giant slingshot.
And now it's headed straight for us.
Good news. There's got to be good news.
Well, it might not hit us at all.
That's a relief.
It could just disrupt our orbit
and fling Earth into the sun.
Maybe it's just an optical illusion.
Maybe it isn't even there at all.
I mean, no one on the radio is talking about it.
It's too far away and emits no light.
So Earth's telescopes can't see it.
They don't have z-line refraction.
It won't be here for a while.
But by the time your scientists discover it,
it will be too late.
We have to destroy it now.
Let's call your president.
Right.
Hi, you reached the president's office.
Press 4 to report global disaster.
Alan, what's going on?
We're going to build this laser gun.
And fast.
Nick has the cast of all that.
Who's that?
Leon Fryerson, our newest cast member.
Cute as a butt.
Who's that?
Miss Christy, knowing new to the cast
Colin oozing out of her ears.
Who's that? I have no idea.
That's, um...
Sorry. I don't know that guy.
Leon, Christy, whoever this guy is.
Very funny.
The only network from this guy,
Nickelodeon.
This is the mouse.
It's just a mouse.
These are the critics.
Here's what they're saying.
Mouse hunt is wickedly funny.
A comedic masterpiece.
Thank you.
Mouse hunt, rated PG.
Now playing.
To spread the word, the new Burger King prize
are hot, crispy, and yummy.
Say hello to the first potato ever
and really moved.
Who's delivering toys to Burger King?
Mr. Potato Head.
Kids Club meal.
Great food.
What about potatoes?
It's January, but Kool-Aid is never been hotter
with Nerf-a-mania.
Now you can get a mini-nerf turbo-grip football,
basketball, or soccer ball,
free only from Kool-Aid.
When you mail in Kool-Aid points,
offer form, register receipt, post pigeon handling.
Then you could be the one to win a trip for four
to any U.S. championship game.
For no purchase entry, write Kool-Aid Sweepstakes,
P.O. Box 35943, Los Angeles, California,
90035.
Many will enter, one will win.
The Kool-Aid Nerf giveaway.
Catch it if you can.
Nick is kids.
Kevin Arnold is a kid.
Kevin Arnold is on Wonder Years.
The Wonder Years is on Nickelodeon.
What? Why?
Because Nick is kids.
Oh, of course.
I would miss it for the world.
These parts might be hard to find,
but it's what we need.
Alan, how can I find these if I can't even pronounce them?
We'll all have to work together.
Are you two still at war?
Truce?
Oh, this list is huge.
There's not enough time to find everything.
Your friends can help you.
Right. And what am I supposed to say to them?
Oh, yeah, my alien buddy.
He needs a hand, saving the earth from exploding.
Well, I guess I'm gonna have to think of something.
What do we do?
Listen up.
We have got a serious problem.
Sorry, Robbie.
But we cleaned up the kitchen.
It'll be okay.
Yeah, it's bad, but...
it's not the end of the world.
My dad's model is wrecked
when he finds us to take the heat.
Any takers?
That's what I thought.
So, we are going to review
the Kool-Aid Nerf giveaway.
So, we are going to rebuild it.
Scavenger Hunt time, girls.
Two teams, no rules.
The first team back gets off blame free.
The other team has to face Dad.
That'd be good.
Look, I need a part and I need a fast,
so if you don't got it, just say so.
Frankly, I'm not expecting much.
I need
dual electron spin impulse resonator.
Okay. Let's waste the time, anyway.
What color?
I am so sorry.
I had no idea the party would get this out of hand.
I just need some quiet time.
But don't misunderstand.
I will be angry later.
Very angry.
But right now I've got to fix this.
My deadline is first thing Monday morning.
Glow gun.
Hi there.
We're on a scavenger hunt
and I'm wondering if you had any spare
quarter inch aluminum grommets?
Ball flanges.
You're going down, oatmeal girl.
In your dreams, lumpy.
Original box?
Original bubble pack?
We're gonna have to do better than three bucks.
What do you want then?
Well, I could use some wheels.
Okay, I'm gonna take this junk upstairs,
sort through it and declare winner.
Stay here until I get back, okay?
One micrometer here
means a difference of a million miles out there.
What happens if you miss and hit a meteorite
right in front of the planet?
The beam just bounces off into space.
This will work.
To do it.
We only have one chance at this.
Wait until the timer clicks to zero.
Then you'll have to pull the trigger.
Me?
Alan, don't you think you should do this?
I know something powerful,
so I'm going to transfer all of my energy into here
and you'll fire it out there.
Where'd the glue gun go?
At just the meteor shower tonight, that's all.
Ah, my glue gun.
Kids, I don't mind you playing
spaceman or whatever,
but I wish you'd just remember
that what you do affects others.
Okay?
I get you in your pod and re-energize you.
You've got to fix that thing.
No.
Robbie's trying to figure out how to break the news to you.
Oh.
Fuck.
Robbie.
You know what to do.
Bank shot.
Man.
I told you, it's Alan.
Tiny.
In more ways than one.
You know,
maybe we should take the heave of wrecking
Mr. Stevenson's model.
It was both our faults.
Maybe you should let Robbie deal with her dad.
Yeah.
It would be sort of small of us not to give her that chance.
You know, we made a great team tonight.
Too bad we can't be like that always.
Yeah.
But we are brother and sister.
And the truce is over.
Hey, I'll give you a 20-second head start.
I think this is even better than the first one.
For your help.
Hey.
It's being grounded until I'm 60.
Forgive me.
Hey, I'm here to pick up Josh's car.
Going up isn't easy, but someone's got to do it.
And that someone's coming up next.
No, no.
Stay tuned for life according to Kevin Arnold
on the Wonder Years.
No, not me.
Next on Nick at Night.
Idea.
I wonder if he's cute.
Ginger.
We defied gravity.
We were into gravity.
We were dramatically insane.
It's a new lot. Take it easy.
Take it easy.
You're bringing me real loud.
It's our favorite celebrity, 6 Stop Blitz.
Here with me, I'm talking about an award show.
For now, like those two other award shows.
In this award show, we pick the winners because we rule.
Rosie O'Donnell's the host.
And there's live performances.
And it's just cool.
I'm talking about the Nickelodeon's
Kids' Choice Awards, but you do that, right?
Nickelodeon's Kids' Choice Awards.
The only award show where kids rule.
To make your pastas taste just right.
Next on Nick.